Adjust file realm docs (#52471)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/file-realm.asciidoc

ensure the same users are defined on every node in the cluster. The {stack}
{security-features} do not deliver any mechanism to guarantee this.

> The `file` realm is very useful as a fallback/recovery realm, for instance in cases where

Reviewer: Not mandatory, but I prefer spelling out "/" and splitting this long sentence in two:
```suggestion
The `file` realm is very useful as a fallback or recovery realm. For example, use it in cases where
```

the cluster is unresponsive or the security index is unavailable, or when you forget the
password for your administrative users.

> In this type of scenarios, the `file` realm is a convenient way out - you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this type of scenario, the `file` realm is a convenient way out - you can
```
